um something that uh you know cannon
seems to have you know they used to be
the king of sensors and they've kind of
not been keeping up lately I mean they
don't have anything to rival the D 836
megapixel sensor they don't have
anything that beats the d70 100d 5300 d
3324 megapixel sensor why that's that's
a good question you know they used to be
you know king of the hill a few years
back ever since the advent of the d3 the
d700 d7000 that series of cameras from
Nikon Canon just hasn't been able to
keep up with the sensors I'm not sure
why hopefully they have something in the
works I mean basically now they've got
what I think it's is it 20 or 22
megapixels is their highest sensor I
mean the DI Hunter has a 36 megapixel
sensor and it performs amazing where is
canon the 18 megapixel sensor in the 7th
ed and the t5 I it's getting pretty long
in the tooth it's getting old it doesn't
perform as well as a 24 megapixel sensor
in the D 7102 the 5330 3300 in the sony
cameras in the pentax k-3 canon really
needs to get back in the game here on
sensor technology i'd like to see
something from them not only you know at
least equaling 24 megapixels and and you
know good performing sensor I'd also I
think a lot of people would would like
to see Canon come back with a flagship
high megapixel sensor body basically
like let's see a 50 megapixel body
something to rival the d800 because we
know nikon is going to be using the new
50 megapixel sensor from sony very soon
will probably be the update to the d800
maybe a d900 or something but where's
Canon here how come they're not coming
with a competitor they don't have any
competitor here you know I know canon
markets very well in the in America and
they spend a lot of money on advertising
so they sent tend to be you know good
selling in the Americas but what a lot
of people don't probably realize is
worldwide the
pretty much neck-and-neck with Nikon as
far as sales and popularity of cameras I
think that's probably valid that in
America canon is maybe a little more
popular but worldwide not so you know so
what's going on here what do you guys
think what's going on with canon in
their sensors what do you think about
the d-4s beaten the 1dx on dxomark leave
me some comments below let's have a
discussion on the d-4s versus the 1dx
candid sensors in general what do you
think thanks for tuning in folks stay
tuned we'll be back soon with some new
videos some new articles keep up to date
with what's going on in the world of
photography technology videography right
here at art of the image calm thanks a
lot folks
you